[JOSHUA]
Yeah. I found it.
[NEKU]
On the phone again.
Bet it's Mister Hankekoma.
[JOSHUA]
Heh. You're too kind.
You know Shibuya like...
[NEKU] Why would somebody
like him help this kid?
Does he know Joshua killed me?
Does he even care?
[JOSHUA]
Morning, sunshine.
You have some sweet dreams?
[NEKU]
The worst.
Y'know how tempted
I am to erase you?
Oh, please. For better
or worse, we're partners.
Say I were to go,
you'd be dead in the water.
Clearing the missions
and winning the game
doesn't matter to you.
All you care about is
pushing your agenda!
You've got nothing riding
on this 'cause you're alive!
That isn't true, Neku.
Oh, yes, it is! You won't
cease to exist like me!
‐‐[phone buzzes]
‐‐[BOTH gasp]
[NEKU] It says, "Beat the
bosses of 2.2360679, 0, and 5.
You have 60 minutes."
For the record,
my stakes are just as high
as any other Player's.
Being alive doesn't make me
immune to the rulebook.
The Realground me dies, too,
if I get erased here.
[gasps]
So then... you're here
knowing you might die?
Why put yourself in that danger?
Beats staying in the
RG, that's for sure.
[KITANIJI] So, the Taboo Noise
were Minamimoto's doing?
This act is grave treason, sir.
[KITANIJI] Which is why I'll be
discussing his punishment
with the Composer.
I hope your verdict
is reached posthaste.
By the way, a second‐time
Player, Neku Sakuraba,
is proving
exceptionally resilient.
I'm curious what your thoughts
are regarding this matter.
Heh.
So that's how it is.
The Composer does have
a mischievous streak.
[JOSHUA]
The bosses of 0 and 5.
What's the decimal in the Grim
Heaper's equation refer to?
Think it's a code?
I've got a pretty good guess.
[NEKU]
Oh, great.
[gasps]
[JOSHUA]
Predictable.
Nicely done, Neku.
I thought so. It seems Route
Five is the only one open.
And what tipped you off?
That long decimal in the text
is the square root of five.
There's even a mnemonic for it.
So I had an inkling Route
Five would be involved.
[NEKU] Screw Pi‐Face
and his lame jokes.
You know Shibuya.
This particular path
starts at the Scramble,
then Center Street,
followed by AMX, Tipsy
Tose, and Tokyu Hands.
Udagawa's the final stop.
'Kay, then assuming
the crosswalk is zero,
Center Street, AMX, Tipsy Tose,
Tokyu Hands, and Udagawa's five!
Precisely! The Noise we faced
was the first area's boss.
So if we defeat whatever's
waiting for us in Udagawa,
we'll be sitting pretty.
Damn! They've increased their
numbers by, like, tons!
Well, generally speaking,
there are two types of Noise.
So there are strays that
emerge as a natural product
of the negative emotions
Realground people give off,
then there's a second kind
created by Reapers
to erase Players in the game.
Does that make these
a third kind?
That one Reaper called Kariya
referred to them as Taboo Noise.
These don't abide by missions.
They're after Reapers
and Players alike.
Well, I'm one Player that
can't afford to lose!
[NAO screams]
[SOTA]
We did it, Nao!
Hey, come on!
I think this is it.
Goodbye, babe.
Don't go! Please, stay with me.
Damn it!
[NEKU]
I'm sorry.
[SOTA]
It's you guys.
If only we'd managed to
get here just a bit sooner.
[gasps] Hey, man! Not you, too!
[gasps]
Stick this out! Survive!
Win so you, Josh, and that
partner they made your entry fee
can come back to life.
Shit!
They were right there.
They may be gone,
but you and I aren't.
What happens to the ones who
don't make it through the game?
I know all of us Players
are strangers to each other.
I also know it's
not only the UG,
it's the same for both
sides of Shibuya.
Everyone has different values
and ways of thinking.
And that's okay.
'Cause talking with people
and learning about them
is how we grow.
It wasn't much,
but since coming here,
I actually felt that growth.
That's why... I don't want
to shut them out!
How very un‐Neku of you.
Because you interacted
with others,
you found a new
version of yourself
and expanded your world?
That basically the gist?
In any case,
we're all that's left, and that
mission won't clear itself.
[SUPPORT REAPERS panting]
What the heck?
[KARIYA]
Uzuki!
Can ya hang in there?
There's just... so many.
[KARIYA] The GM made sure
to cook up a whole buffet.
Those two?
Do we help? Your call.
Last thing I wanna do
is witness another death.
Let's back 'em up!
They'll hate every second of it!
True.
Two more. And they're mine!
[yells]
Yes!
[YASHIRO] Why'd you help us?
Are you, like, stupid?
What? Did you want to get
erased by the Noise?
We're Reapers, not friends!
You'd think the wings
would give it away.
And besides, I am perfectly
capable of taking care of‐‐
Easy, girl. I can handle this.
Thanks. You saved our butts.
Hey! What're you doing, Kariya?
Thanking them for their help.
I might just barf because
of how sickening this is!
Players saving Reapers.
Hurry up! We're leaving!
The current GM's more prone
to play by his own set of rules.
He'll pull stunts like this
again, so heads up.
How we doin'?
Thirty minutes to go.
Piece of cake.
[SUPPORT REAPER C screams]
[roars]
[JOSHUA]
The bosses of Area Five.
Have fun. But be safe.
Right. Priorities!
How is fighting up
close safe? Get back!
[JOSHUA gasps]
[JOSHUA]
You want some, too?
Watch out!
Wow. Well, aren't
you a nimble one?
[JOSHUA]
See ya.
[NEKU] Mission cleared.
One more day, Shiki.
Just one more.
[MINAMIMOTO laughing]
[MINAMIMOTO]
Zetta fun times.
To what do we owe this pleasure?
I wanted to say I'm glad that
you haven't been erased yet.
Guess what's tomorrow?
The day I get to go hands‐on
with you prime numbers!
Pop quiz, hot shots.
How fast am I gonna wipe you
from this plane of existence?
Do tell.
Somewhere around 300 million
meters per second,
if you round up.
That's faster than
the speed of light.
[MINAMIMOTO] I'll correct
the deviation that saved you
the last time we met here!
[NEKU]
It's finally day seven.
I've made it all the way to the
end of two Reapers' games now.
We'll see.
[phone buzzes]
[JOSHUA]
That hurts.
[NEKU]
Promise me.
The instant we win this and
our pact's null and void,
you're telling me everything.
[JOSHUA]
I suppose.
[NEKU] "Defeat the Game
Master at Mark City.
Incompletes will be erased."
It's a good spot for
a base in the UG.
[NEKU]
Why's that?
It's where Shibuya's drifting
thoughts and emotions collect.
They come flowing into Mark City
and shoot up into the sky,
then that same energy
turns around
and comes barreling back
down again‐‐always building,
never lessening.
[NEKU] If we can take him out,
it'll all be over.
Sit tight, Shiki. I'm coming.
Seems this is the only way.
[NEKU]
Huh?
I can't even see the steps.
[JOSHUA] Well, please watch
yours as best you can.
I'd hate for you to fall and
break your slender neck.
[NEKU]
Heh. Look who's talking.
[BEAT]
Yo, get your head in the game!
Wha‐‐?!
Oh, crap!
Great! Can't anticipate attacks
'cause the only lights we
have are their laser beams!
I can't get closer!
[JOSHUA]
That's convenient. How's my aim?
Get ready to hurt,
'cause you gonna bleed today!
What do you know,
the lights came back on.
They saved our skins,
we saved theirs.
Good grief.
Everyone's entitled
to be awkward,
but Skulls is takin' the cake.
I think I've got his
"special op" figured out.
He picks pretend fights
with those boys
while simultaneously
protecting them
from Noise and other Reapers.
The UG really needs to
start making sense again.
What the‐‐? I rest my case!
Hold up!
It's warping!
Could be the imaginary number
plane Mister H spoke of.
[NEKU]
Imaginary what?
[JOSHUA] A parallel world
that's a fraction away
from the one Noise inhabit.
But as long as our psychs work,
who cares where we're fighting?
Dodge, Beat!
I do believe that's our cue.
Gettin' too hairy.
Take this. You dropped it.
[gasps]
[BEAT]
I owe you one.
Again? Is it Pi‐Face?
Or something else?
This is his base,
so I imagine he's the
one pulling the strings.
[NEKU]
We can't get careless.
You two? How'd you find me?
An inverse matrix, perhaps?
[NEKU]
He hurts my brain.
Ah, well, you guys
saved me the trip.
Heh.
I was kinda hopin' the three of
us could meet up in Udagawa
and have ourselves
a little reenactment.
Reenactment?
Yes. That's right.
[gasps]
[gunshot]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[gunshot]
[JOSHUA]
You okay?
You're the one who put a
bullet through me that day!
You stole my life!
Come get derived!
I'll eradicate you from
my spatial coordinates!
[MINAMIMOTO] Get ready to drown
in the sea of imaginary numbers!
Are you seeing this?
[NEKU] Taboo Noise!
It's a whole army of them!
[JOSHUA] You know all
that emotional energy
I told you pools at Mark City?
Seems he's been using it to
manufacture these things.
[roars]
Remember, safety first!
[JOSHUA]
I never forgot!
[yells]
[NEKU]
What?
[MINAMIMOTO]
Zetta slow!
[JOSHUA]
Neku!
[MINAMIMOTO]
So zetta slow!
[NEKU]
Get down!
[MINAMIMOTO]
You're out of your vector!
Where's your beauty?
How did this trashy human
calculator get to be so strong?
[laughs]
[MINAMIMOTO]
Somethin' not adding up for you?
We're screwed.
O ye of little faith.
[NEKU] I've never felt so much
power pass between us before.
Feels like another world awaits.
[JOSHUA]
And you're going.
[NEKU yells]
[screams]
Zetta persistent.
Thought you'd kill us
at the speed of light.
[laughing]
[NEKU]
'Kay.
[MINAMIMOTO]
Don't you know?!
The entire world's
made of numbers!
I've been off the grid
reverse engineering my desired
solution all this time!
And here it is.
I am victorious!
A Level i Flare!
[NEKU]
What the‐‐?
I thought you couldn't
afford to lose, Neku.
[JOSHUA] Give up on yourself
and you give up on the world.
[NEKU]
Why? Why did you cover me?
I constantly doubted you.
So what were you thinking?
[NEKU]
Joshua!
[gasps]
[clapping]
[NEKU]
You're...
[KITANIJI] Please allow me
to congratulate you
on yet another game well won.
I'd also like to thank you
for your assistance.
And just how did I "assist"?
By ridding us of the rebel.
That final mission was
issued by yours truly.
Minamimoto unleashed Taboo Noise
that killed countless Reapers,
but you neutralized the threat.
So thank you.
[NEKU]
You used Joshua and me.
Yes, your partner's
fate is regrettable.
I didn't expect him
to shield you.
[NEKU]
Is he...?
It's just as you saw.
Both the boy and
the lion are gone.
He died protecting me.
But I... never apologized.
We were partners all week,
but I was too freakin' paranoid
to put my trust in him!
I'm the worst.
No need to grieve.
That boy was guilty of
a very serious offense.
So being alive's a crime?
[KITANIJI]
It is when you play the game,
which is why you, too,
must be punished.
For acting as his
partner and abetting
his grave transgressions,
you will be erased.
[NEKU gasps]
[KITANIJI] At least, were I
to go strictly by the book.
But we repay our debts,
so I will permit you to
enter a third round,
albeit with a penalty.
You may not refuse.
[NEKU]
Wait, what about Shiki?
[KITANIJI]
As I was saying,
your penalty is disqualification
from all future games.
Regardless of the outcome, this
next game will be your last.
[NEKU]
Really? This is it?
Now, as for your third
and final entry fee...
[gasps]
[NEKU]
Well, here I go again.
Seven more days. One last game.
[NEKU]
Next time: "Emergency Call."